Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/model_representation.md

> In OpenVINO™ Runtime a model is represented by the `ov::Model` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenVINO™ Runtime, a model is represented by the `ov::Model` class.
```

> The `ov::Model` object stores shared pointers to `ov::op::v0::Parameter`, `ov::op::v0::Result` and `ov::op::Sink` operations that are inputs, outputs and sinks of the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ov::Model` object stores shared pointers to `ov::op::v0::Parameter`, `ov::op::v0::Result`, and `ov::op::Sink` operations, which are inputs, outputs, and sinks of the graph.
```

> Sinks of the graph have no consumers and are not included in the results vector. All other operations hold each other via shared pointers, in which child operation holds its parent (hard link). If an operation has no consumers and it is not the `Result` or `Sink` operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sinks of the graph have no consumers and are not included in the results vector. All other operations hold each other via shared pointers, in which a child operation holds its parent (hard link). If an operation has no consumers and it is not the `Result` or `Sink` operation
```

> (shared pointer counter is zero), then it will be destructed and will not be accessible anymore. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whose shared pointer counter is zero, the child operation will be destructed and not be accessible anymore. 
```

Each operation in `ov::Model` has the `std::shared_ptr<ov::Node>` type.

> For details on how to build a model in OpenVINO™ Runtime, see the [Build a Model in OpenVINO™ Runtime](@ref ov_ug_build_model) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How OpenVINO Runtime Works with Models
```

> OpenVINO™ Runtime allows to use different approaches to work with model inputs/outputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ Runtime enables you to use different approaches to work with model inputs/outputs:
```

>  - The `ov::Model::inputs()`/`ov::Model::outputs()` methods allow to get vector of all input/output ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `ov::Model::inputs()`/`ov::Model::outputs()` methods for getting vectors of all input/output ports.
```

>  - For a model which has only one input or output you can use methods `ov::Model::input()` or `ov::Model::output()` without arguments to get input or output port respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - For a model that has only one input or output, you can use the `ov::Model::input()` or `ov::Model::output()` methods without any arguments to get input or output port respectively.
```

>  - Methods `ov::Model::input()` and `ov::Model::output()` can be used with index of input or output from the framework model to get specific port by index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `ov::Model::input()` and `ov::Model::output()` methods can be used with the index of inputs or outputs from the framework model to get specific ports by index.
```

>  - You can use tensor name of input or output from the original framework model together with methods `ov::Model::input()` or `ov::Model::output()` to get specific port. It means that you do not need to have any additional mapping of names from framework to OpenVINO, as it was before, OpenVINO™ Runtime allows using native framework tensor names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - You can use the tensor name of input or output from the original framework model together with the `ov::Model::input()` or `ov::Model::output()` methods to get specific ports. It means that you do not need to have any additional mapping of names from framework to OpenVINO as it was before, OpenVINO™ Runtime allows the usage of native framework tensor names.
```

> @sphinxtabset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   @sphinxtabset
```

> @sphinxtabset

Reviewer: Need to adjust the formatting of this code snippet below to make it belong to the last bullet item.

@endsphinxtabset

> OpenVINO™ Runtime model representation uses special classes to work with model data types and shapes. The `ov::element::Type` is used for data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to build a model in OpenVINO™ Runtime, see the [Build a Model in OpenVINO™ Runtime](@ref ov_ug_build_model) section.

OpenVINO™ Runtime model representation uses special classes to work with model data types and shapes. The `ov::element::Type` is used for data types.
```

> ## Shapes Representation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Representation of Shapes
```

OpenVINO™ Runtime provides two types for shape representation: 

> * The `ov::Shape` - Represents fully defined (static) shapes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ov::Shape` - Represents static (fully defined) shapes.
```

> * The `ov::PartialShape` - Represents dynamic shapes. That means that the rank or some of dimensions are dynamic (dimension defines an interval or undefined). The `ov::PartialShape` can be converted to the `ov::Shape`, using the `get_shape()` method if all dimensions are static. Otherwise, the conversion throws an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ov::PartialShape` - Represents dynamic shapes. This means that the rank or some of dimensions are dynamic (dimension defines an interval or undefined). `ov::PartialShape` can be converted to `ov::Shape`, using the `get_shape()` method if all dimensions are static. Otherwise, the conversion throws an exception.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following example:

```

> 

Reviewer: Need to adjust the code snippet below to make it belong to the last bullet item.

@endsphinxtabset

> However, in most cases before getting static shape using `get_shape()` method, you need to check that shape is static.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, in most cases before getting static shape using `get_shape()` method, you need to check if that shape is static.
```

> However, in most cases before getting static shape using `get_shape()` method, you need to check if that shape is static.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in most cases, before getting static shape using the `get_shape()` method, you need to check if that shape is static.
```

> ## Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Representation of Operations
```

The `ov::Op` class represents any abstract operation in the model representation. Use this class to create [custom operations](../Extensibility_UG/add_openvino_ops.md).

> ## Operation Sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Representation of Operation Sets
```

> Operation set (opset) is a collection of operations that can be used to construct a model. The `ov::OpSet` class provides a functionality to work with operation sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An operation set (opset) is a collection of operations that can be used to construct a model. The `ov::OpSet` class provides the functionality to work with operation sets.
```

For each operation set, OpenVINO™ Runtime provides a separate namespace, for example `opset8`.

> Each OpenVINO™ Release introduces new operations and add these operations to a new operation set. New operation sets help to introduce a new version of operations that change behavior of previous operations. Using operation sets allows you to avoid changes in your application if new operations have been introduced.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each OpenVINO™ Release introduces new operations and adds them to a new operation set. These new sets help to introduce a new version of operations that change behavior of previous operations. Using operation sets allows you to avoid changes in your application if new operations have been introduced.
```

> Each OpenVINO™ Release introduces new operations and adds them to a new operation set. These new sets help to introduce a new version of operations that change behavior of previous operations. Using operation sets allows you to avoid changes in your application if new operations have been introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each OpenVINO™ Release introduces new operations and adds them to new operation sets, within which the new operations would change the behavior of previous operations. Using operation sets helps you avoid changing your application when new operations are introduced.
```

For a complete list of operation sets supported in OpenVINO™ toolkit, see the [Available Operations Sets](../ops/opset.md).

> To add support of custom operations, see the [Add Custom OpenVINO Operations](../Extensibility_UG/Intro.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the support for custom operations, see [OpenVINO Extensibility Mechanism](../Extensibility_UG/Intro.md).
```

> ## Build a Model in OpenVINO™ Runtime {#ov_ug_build_model}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building a Model in OpenVINO™ Runtime {#ov_ug_build_model}
```

@endsphinxtabset

> ## Model Debug Capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Model Debugging Capabilities
```

OpenVINO™ provides several debug capabilities:

>    - To receive additional messages about applied model modifications, rebuild the OpenVINO™ Runtime library with the `-DENABLE_OPENVINO_DEBUG=ON` option.

Reviewer: There is a formatting issue from line 162 to 169 - they are be included in a code block in the output, which seems incorrect.
